or the youtube peña here minor is bad
in dressing and today we are going to talk about the weapon
exotic south regime is worth a rifle
automatic which your message is the
nostalgia as a weapon of war style
as a symbol of victory go go
description do not leave us very crazy not the
true to be an assault rifle
this game has a lot of charger in
its two main four
characteristic is concentrated fire and
southern regime os concentrated fire we can
find them in other weapons but
hard regimes not when using the zoom this
gun shoots slower that is
loses cadence but causes more damage to the
use the look and rafi and regimes ones the
half of each charger causes damage
additional and we will have by skill
to recover health chests cause harm
this quality is only
of this weapon it looks like it does not appear
very little thing that we are going to recharge a
Poquillo of life when killing an enemy
when we have less of the charger
It seems that no but the truth is that it is
great is worth it is great here
we are seeing let's see if we see it
come, we're halfway through the charger
we killed an enemy and we started
recover life how is that to recover
life then simply if we are very
little have done us very little harm or
We are red hot 'vanity of the bar
it does not matter just start to start
the regeneration of health and sanseacabó
It's as easy as you have seen now
as you are now seeing also the
truth is that in p v mode
it's great, it's great, but
remember with half the charger
empty from now on the quality of
shoot from the hip and have more
cadence comes in handy if the enemy
it's very close to us and if it's halfway
or long distance we will simply put
look and ya
we will lose those and cadence but we can
earn a little more than it is
aiming at not having as much recoil and
be a little more manageable worth the
truth is that this weapon if I had to
define it is perfect is perfect
also for all classes is that it is
that is that is just perfect I
I recommend it for all classes and
I have been able to buy what was he the
I bought asur in the second week in
who sold it and I said and I have not
sorry it's never okay there are some weapons
although they are also exotic that you
Repent that you say and is for me
what was bought and this because he has
bought yes no yes no
because of this is that this is
simply perfect when the
first week to buy I did not buy it
because I did not have enough is nothing
strange coins and everyone in
multiplayer mef one day with it is worth
that it was just a weird day was
the game where they did not give me the rod
all right
if this background weapon were separate
this weapon when being fired has a
sound pretty pretty pretty
characteristic voucher is pretty
characteristic is a perfect hybrid
almost between submachine gun and rifle but good to
that we add the two qualities that
they have nothing, the truth is that
southern regime is its ultimate quality and
is
Well nothing really delicious
very good to say more about this weapon
when it comes to level up with this
Weapon the truth is easy to raise from
level this weapon because because it is that
it is simply a weapon that he used
normal ammunition and normal ammunition the
we found kicks when killing enemies
are worth it is not the same as uploading a
special weapon , exotic code with ammunition
green or purple ammo mission heavy no
it's not the same the truth is that this
weapon goes up alone alone and we're worth it
in multiplayer mode like in mode
pvp the truth is that in pv mode it's worth
much more since in the multiplayer the
option of
the advantages are disconnected that's
say that the regime option your 2 is
say the regeneration after
have killed an opponent with half the
Charger or less is not available but
still this weapon deals in a way
incredible also in player mode
against player to me without seal in wax
mind I love it is worth it
honestly I love it I do not see it almost
almost I do not see any mistakes is that almost
I do not see any errors
another thing that surprised me is also
the theme that to be a rifle
assault has many bullets worth is that in
this game the assault rifles is not
as in other games like for example
call of duty or orders and others that
they seem to have enough so that
here in this game see a random rifle
you com
with enough bullets is a very rare thing
and they have it only as a legend or
simply these here have died to see
another demonstration had emptied half
charger here killed this rival and it got me
start the regeneration of life again
well what was said here and little else to say
the truth a good purchase that we have
made to the south yes the truth is that it has been
a good buy me when playing
in multiplayer or tve mode I only have
this weapon I will not buy it to three or
four times having just is
simply the exchanges between
characters are passing it and in passing the
weapon goes up and the characters have a
weapon as licks one of the best weapons
not to say that the best rifle in
assault and on to improve there already is that
more you can not ask for truth is that
more you can not ask for essentials
simply essential and have
to buy the buy
is that it is impossible is impossible
find something better than this and if
there is almost said that I do not want
know the good nothing as I always say
thank you for having seen me and a hug to
everyone remembers giving the like comments
subscribe and download app for a lot
much much more thanks